Caroline: "Thank you for everything, Edward Briggs."
Robbie: "This must have been a beautiful park in its prime."
Veronica: "If we were around when it was open, I'm sure we would have all had a blast."
???: "Thank you, everyone."
Yvette: "What the heck? Whoever you are, show yourself!"
???: "Don't be alarmed, I am the soul of the person you just buried."
Christopher: "So that means you're..."
Briggs: "Edward Briggs, yes. Founder of Wonder World."
Briggs: "I want to apologize for ruining your party and making you guys run around the park. Nobody else has brought a large enough group to find my body."
Caroline: "So that means that you're the one who left those notes?"
Briggs: "And kidnapped some of your friends, and ultimately, lead you here. All so I could be given a chance at redemption. I truly am sorry."
Caroline: "Well, all that aside, I'm glad we could help. You had such a tragic life."
Briggs: "Nothing was worse than when I gave up on myself. I guess all I needed was a few encouraging words from my great great grandaughter. Thank you, Caroline."
Veronica: "Wait what?! Caroline, why didn't you tell us about this guy?"
Caroline: "What do you mean great great granddaughter? Nobody in my family told me stories about Wonder World!"
Briggs: "Given the media coverage, you should know why. I was shunned and disowned shortly after the rollercoaster disaster."
Christopher: "Well that fits the 'one disaster after another' archetype I guess."
Caroline: "But still... related?"
Briggs: "Distantly related. Me and my wife had two kids, and she took your great grandfather with her when she divorced me."
Veronica: "Well, I hope you can finally rest in peace now. I think what you've done to us can't be worse than all the stuff that's happened to you."
Christopher: "Yeah, don't sweat the whole kidnapping thing. Glad to have helped!"
Robbie: "This place has some wonderful machinery. I wish I could have seen it working!"
Yvette: "Today has been pretty crazy. But it's been twice as fun! Thanks for the adventure!"
Caroline: "Well you heard them. Even after it's closure, Wonder World lives on. Thank you for everything."
Briggs: "I guess so. I wanted to make one more selfish request."
Briggs: "Caroline, will you rebuild Wonder World? Don't make the same mistakes as I did, and truly make it a place that people can enjoy."
Caroline: "I..."
Yvette: "Hey Caroline, if you decide to do this, just know we'll have your back."
Robbie: "Yeah, I'm sure we'll get through it if we all work together!"
Caroline: "...Ok, I'll do it. It might be a while before I can even get started though."
Briggs: "That's fine. Take your time, and build this place into somewhere worthy of its name. Thanks for redeeming an old man. I'm forever in your debt."
Veronica: "...Is he gone?"
Yvette: "Yeah, seems like it."
Christopher: "Well, what's the plan Caroline?"
Caroline: "For now, let's just get out of here."